Nadine Quintana: You know, just
Nadine Quintana: Focus on myself and
Nadine Quintana: Not worry about anybody else because
Nadine Quintana: That's what I've been doing
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wanted to begin to kind of move into the preparation phase to do some em Dr work with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And part of that is still a little bit of imagery wanting to do a couple of resource kind of imagery. Are you open to doing a little bit of that with me today.
Nadine Quintana: Sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard for me to keep track if I've done some of these exercises in group like which days clients with their and which Jason
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you say oh yeah yeah I did that one, then that's fine, just if you can remember what it was. Then, just tell me
Nadine Quintana: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it's that
Gwenevere Abriel: The previous Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't follow into the new notes there might be pieces that got lost.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's start with
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Think about
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I want you to think about 333 fingers three images. One is a protective figure was a nurturing figure and one's a wise figure to remember doing that with me.
You're frozen.
Nadine Quintana: Maybe it's because my wife buys on me.
Nadine Quintana: To turn that off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me in sometimes it's helpful to be a little bit in distress moments. So just put yourself in a little bit of a distress moment. Maybe you're at work. Maybe you're caring about what other people think and all of a sudden, I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of image either real or imagined has the quality of being protective might be someone that actually exists or is in a movie a book TV show that really has the quality of a protective figure
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes up for you.
Nadine Quintana: What happened.
Nadine Quintana: Okay, I caught, most of it just self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective figure. I want you to think about someone that really embodies the quality of a protective figure either real or imagined. What do you think of
Nadine Quintana: Actually what came to mind was this
Nadine Quintana: Guy that I work with.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's his name.
Nadine Quintana: Um, Chris.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, God, what is it about Chris that he really represents that quality.
Nadine Quintana: Because he's
Nadine Quintana: Defensive when it comes for me and us you know me, not towards me, but like when other people like see that things or or try to treat me bad or something. He's like grill defensive when it comes to that and
Nadine Quintana: He always tries to talk to me, just to, you know, to make me feel better and stuff so I kinda
Nadine Quintana: Got that he came to mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Does anyone else come to mind because it can be a combination of different images. We've got Chris who defends you when someone maybe says something negative about you and he also tries to talk to you, to help you feel better.
Nadine Quintana: And
Nadine Quintana: this other guy that I work with to His name's James. He's like an older man, kind of like, I don't know, I, I kind of see him kind of Zico
Nadine Quintana: father figure type person. Okay.
Nadine Quintana: Because he just gives me like that warm feeling
Nadine Quintana: That everything's gonna be okay kind of filling when he sees. I'm like really down or mad or sad or, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta send a quick message here for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So kind of a father figures this protective figure right and maybe it's this combination of James, as well as Chris
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now let's picture nurturing and a nurturing figure tends to be someone that really wants your growth really wants to promote it support it, your growth and development. It might also include
Gwenevere Abriel: Affection, but not always like nurturing is now helping you grow.
Nadine Quintana: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you can't find anyone picture. Maybe you recognize that type of nurturing maybe in a TV show and the movie might have been in a book and some other
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of your life that you've seen it, you know, it's maybe not something you have felt directly
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you have
See if we can try and find that
Nadine Quintana: For some reason on this book that I've been reading. I don't know.
Nadine Quintana: I kind of thought about that.
Nadine Quintana: Which I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I heard you say is, you're thinking of a book.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I say, think of a nurturing figure. Can you give me a little more information.
Nadine Quintana: Um, well, the book that I'm reading the character in the book you
Nadine Quintana: Are I don't know when it comes to like the girl who's like really like carrying with her and like really like just wants the best for her.
Nadine Quintana: Even though it's not him, but
Nadine Quintana: He's like, girl.
Nadine Quintana: I don't know, like protective I guess you could say, and just wants the best for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so this character in the book is caring wants the best for her and his protective
Nadine Quintana: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get a sense of what he does that really
Gwenevere Abriel: Represents that kind of picture it
Nadine Quintana: Well, when it comes to like her safety or her like her future or her well being. He's really protective with her about that you always make sure she's
Nadine Quintana: Taking care of. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. Let's go to the third, figure out my ship Fisher someone real or imagined that represents the quality of a wise figure
Nadine Quintana: Oh my God came to mind again. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Nadine Quintana: Not but he's not alive anymore. That's who came to mind when it came to wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I had you think about someone that's wise someone that's nurturing and a protective figure all three of these as a team, would you want to picture the wisdom in your data.
Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's develop another
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's develop I'M PRETTY SURE YOU WERE YOU WEREN'T YOU in one of the groups where I did the container a container that's big enough that strong enough to hold all your emotional stuff that one.
Nadine Quintana: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your container.
Nadine Quintana: It was a jar with the top on it.
Nadine Quintana: I think I still have the picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I wrote container in here just beautiful. And then another one. Let's do a distancing metaphor distancing
Gwenevere Abriel: Metaphor. Okay. So for this one, it would be
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll give you a metaphor. Do you know what a metaphor is
Nadine Quintana: Um,
Nadine Quintana: I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how would you just describe a metaphor. Let's just say
Nadine Quintana: I'm right.
Nadine Quintana: I mean, I
Nadine Quintana: This is hard. I'm
Like
Nadine Quintana: I can't think of anything now.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could try an example.
Nadine Quintana: Okay, you're trying to think of like
Nadine Quintana: Like a
Shoe
Nadine Quintana: I'll pull up a definition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just pull up the definition
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see. Meta metaphor will go and afford to finish so that we have that all on the same page here.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we got a metaphor for sure. Alright, so a figure of speech in which a word or phrase is applied to an object or action to which it is not literally applicable. So a figure of speech a figurative expression.
Gwenevere Abriel: An image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a thing regarded as representative a symbol of something else that might be what most people think of it as it's a symbol of something else. It doesn't literally raining cats and dogs.
Obviously, it isn't real.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just raining very heavily. Can you imagine a cat and dog fallen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Under that's a, that's a metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: You picture in
Nadine Quintana: It right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got it. So now what I want you to do is I'm going to give you an example of a distancing metaphor and the purpose behind this is
Nadine Quintana: To bring up some
Gwenevere Abriel: imagery that feels like you're getting distance between something and it's kind of going further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be useful sometimes if let's say you have a negative thought and negative emotion negative body experience and you want to put a little distance. Let's say something happens and you and I are talking
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's a lot. It's like overwhelming, or it's intense, let's say, and you're like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed that or you notice it. And we say, well, let's put a little distance between
Gwenevere Abriel: You and that experience and we picture maybe on the riverbank
Gwenevere Abriel: Or beside a lake, and you're on. You're on the shore and you can picture a log kind of moving down the river and it's going further and further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's getting like you can almost see it getting smaller and smaller. So you could barely see it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so the idea is, what we do is we kind of hold this. Maybe I have a negative thought or a negative feeling and I have it sat on that log and it's moving further and further away. That's a distancing it's getting further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: For some people it's a train and they picture the car, right, one of the train cars, maybe it has a label on it or something. There's a particular color and it's going further and further away down the train tracks. It might be an airplane flying further away one person came up with spaceship.
Gwenevere Abriel: flying out of space, one person put
Gwenevere Abriel: They were on the seaside and the boat was kind of going further into the ocean going further away. So you think of a distancing metaphor, one that you kind of can summon up if you needed to. And I'll write it down in case it needs some reminding we can use it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which got
Nadine Quintana: Picture like a start, like a shooting star how it just keeps going further and further to you just can't see it, no more. Yeah, I got it. I like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shooting Star getting further and further away can tell you can't see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go up here to be starting working on with me.
Started a couple of times to work on your anchor room. Don't get too far.
See, try that twice. One was
My hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so one of them. We got blocked around people, and trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: And protective I have missed trust with people because I'm trying to protect myself from getting hurt or misused.
Gwenevere Abriel: You kind of remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Describing
At one point,
Gwenevere Abriel: And how often does that bother you.
Nadine Quintana: I mean it, it actually
Nadine Quintana: I've actually gotten better at that. But the the trust and the
Nadine Quintana: And the not, you know, putting a boss. I've learned to take them down, even if I I've even been tested a couple of times in it. I have it like
Nadine Quintana: Pushed everybody way after stuff has happened. So I've gotten really, really good at that, which I'm actually really proud of myself for that.
Nadine Quintana: Because I was really bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, you weren't going out into the world.
Nadine Quintana: Having relationships with
Gwenevere Abriel: People, because you're afraid you get hurt. So you've made a lot of progress with that.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let me check in on your dream life. How many nightmares. Are you having we were at about five times a month in December. How many are you out these days.
Nadine Quintana: I couldn't remember
Nadine Quintana: I couldn't remember two of them for January.
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember anything about the content of them.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, I remember them. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And would you be comfortable exploring a little bit more in detail about what's going on in them.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it meant
Nadine Quintana: And sure,
Gwenevere Abriel: Resolution. Okay, so is there. Is this the the break in. Is this what was it, what's the nightmare about
Nadine Quintana: Um, it's about like this like something evil. Like, I can't look at first one was like something like evil is in the room with me when I'm sleeping.
Nadine Quintana: And I wake up.
Nadine Quintana: And I can see it, but I know it's there and it feels like I'm awake. Because everything is the way it is. When I really fell asleep. So at the time. I'm thinking I'm REALLY AWAKE
Nadine Quintana: And
Nadine Quintana: I could just feel somebody in the room with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can sense that they're there.
Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: And how did I know that it's sorry
Gwenevere Abriel: I rather hear what you have to say.
Nadine Quintana: I could sense that it's not like evil that it's not good.
Nadine Quintana: When you then after you notice that it's evil, what happens
Nadine Quintana: I noticed, like I've been
Nadine Quintana: I know I'm asleep.
Nadine Quintana: So I tried to yell for somebody to wake me up to help me. Okay.
Nadine Quintana: And whether or not that's something guy.
Nadine Quintana: taught myself or
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatnot
Nadine Quintana: I don't know what
What do you
Nadine Quintana: I snapped that I'm sleeping that it's just a nightmare. And I try to call for somebody to come and help me to wake me up and I'm in my dream. I'm like yelling for like one of my kids to come and wake me up to help me and wake me up.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what happens
Nadine Quintana: And then I end up waking up, but I end up waking up crying and like I can't breathe and kind of having like a panic attack.
Nadine Quintana: And I have to calm myself down and I just opened the lights and
Nadine Quintana: You turn the light on. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And only you said maybe you only remember to in January.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: For you.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: It has
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever in your dream turned around and faced the evil.
Nadine Quintana: Um, well, the second dream that I had, I actually
Nadine Quintana: I thought I was awake again. I didn't know I was dreaming up first and I could feel something hovering over me.
Nadine Quintana: And when I like turned to look around. I just saw like this black figure this to say
Nadine Quintana: I want to say like a kid, but I
Nadine Quintana: I know it was
Nadine Quintana: Like
Nadine Quintana: I knew it was an evil.
Nadine Quintana: Being like, it was a kid. But it was like small like one and I
Nadine Quintana: And I could see like hair like like short hair but like all over the place. And I couldn't see a face.
Nadine Quintana: And there was standing right right by the side of my bed right by my lamp, and it was a covering over me. And when I turned. I was trying to then I snapped. I was sleeping. Yeah. And that's, I tried to call for my son that time to wake me up.
Nadine Quintana: But then it kind of happened again because when I woke myself up. I thought I really woke myself up in real life, but I didn't, I just, I was dreaming it again so
Nadine Quintana: That one was a little awful, then the last one.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your belief about yourself and this ongoing nightmares. You have
Gwenevere Abriel: I hang on there. If you can answer it, you can do it.
Nadine Quintana: And
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a really hard question ad and so take your time.
Nadine Quintana: When we say that again, sorry. When I kinda
Gwenevere Abriel: I shouldn't have interrupted you. You just typically asked a question when I
Nadine Quintana: Wanted to nip it in
Gwenevere Abriel: So that was my fault.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about that awful dream. What is your belief about yourself.
Nadine Quintana: Well, good at that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time. It'll. It'll get there. Sometimes it helps to just sort of first things that come to mind. Try not to do a lot of editing just sort of free associate what were things that crossed your mind.
Nadine Quintana: Um, well, my
Nadine Quintana: belief is that i i
Nadine Quintana: Could I could get through it that I could arm that it's not gonna hurt me that I'll be all right. You know, okay.
Nadine Quintana: That's looking to mind for me.
Nadine Quintana: Like before, I used to get really scared to where I would let it really take over me and I wouldn't go back to sleep. And I would stay up and I would get paranoid and I would get scared at any noise but
Nadine Quintana: Now it's like I i may stay up for a little bit while I come down and I may turn on the lights. But then eventually I calm myself down and I turn off the lights and I able to go back to sleep because I notice you know it's not going to hurt me. They come to be okay.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: What you used to think about yourself. When the worse.
Nadine Quintana: I was just really scared I was, I felt helpless.
Nadine Quintana: And I kind of felt
Nadine Quintana: Like tired like I was tired of
Nadine Quintana: Going through that I kind of like to the point where you're like,
Nadine Quintana: I want to say like give up that kind of sounds a little too.
Nadine Quintana: Kind of like you're like,
Nadine Quintana: Like helpless just I felt helpless and like it was never going to get better and
Nadine Quintana: I wasn't always going to have those dreams and I was always going to be scared. And, you know,
Nadine Quintana: So it'll always been like how I used to be.
Nadine Quintana: But that was before. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it is I can get through this. It is not going to hurt me, I will be all right. Yeah. And that helps you calm down the body relaxes more after you turn the lights on some time passes, and you feel better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a lot less you were having them about five times a month before. So your head. The frequency just on its own has gone down.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's that still seem about right like twice in January.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to do a little bit of work around this nightmare that you had
Nadine Quintana: Like I don't think
Nadine Quintana: Think I've handled it pretty good. I've handled it pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're okay with if we don't don't do anything with it that you're comfortable with just the way it is. No, no real change needed. We can just leave it just the way it is.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, I think so because I mean if it happens again. I mean, I can't stop them from coming, but I could control what I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you. What if you could stop them from coming and that's why I'm bringing it up.
Nadine Quintana: Oh, oh, then that case. Well, yeah, I would like to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when I initially said would you like to do some work around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were thinking what we would do what
Nadine Quintana: Um,
Nadine Quintana: I don't know.
Nadine Quintana: Just talk about it. Try to get me to like not get me but to like do something to where I could not be as scared. You know, when I have them.
Nadine Quintana: kind of figured why kind of already taught myself to do that. So yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: After the fact. I see.
Nadine Quintana: That's what I thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you already
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a handle on the self regulation part, I would just be interested. And now I find out you are to is to not have them at all.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, yeah. If I could get rid of them, like all together. That would be awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if you're open to it. Let's, let's give it a shot.
Nadine Quintana: Alright, alright, cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just do a quick check in. So right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: On this idea of
Gwenevere Abriel: What's a subjective unit of distress from like zero to 100 how distressed. Are you right now as we talk about that nightmare.
Nadine Quintana: I'm actually see
Nadine Quintana: You give me a number 00 yeah I'm really actually relaxed right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And nice
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's go right so let's go over to let's go to trying to remember and there's not going to be a lot of history, telling. I just want to know the age
Gwenevere Abriel: When you remember back. The earliest time or the most intense of a nightmare like that how old you were
Nadine Quintana: All right, I remember getting them when I was like 13
But
Nadine Quintana: I remember they got like more intense like around 2324 around those ages.
Gwenevere Abriel: To remember what was different about
Gwenevere Abriel: Those 10 years like what was different.
Nadine Quintana: I'm like the breathing. I had a difficult time breathing, where I would panic and I was asking for help to help me breathe.
Nadine Quintana: Like I felt like I was like, I like it felt like I was gonna die right it was bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was going on in the context of your life like compare like on one screen you see the 13 year old self. On the other screen you see this 23 year old just sort of bring compare those two memories. How was your life different between 13 and 23
Nadine Quintana: Or more when I was 13 my mom and my dad divorced, which I hated the fact that the divorce.
Nadine Quintana: When I was around 2324 I was actually addicted to drugs.
Gwenevere Abriel: And honey, you know, go back to age 12 for a second, get a sense of what was going on at age 12 and there were no nightmares there there was, Linda.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, remember, um,
Nadine Quintana: It was kind of a carefree we'll see
Nadine Quintana: You know, just being a kid having fun.
Nadine Quintana: Visiting with family and having a great summers and
Nadine Quintana: Nick I had a really
Nadine Quintana: Good. It was fun. It was nice.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, I was actually happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's bring this awareness of this age 13 year old and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring her into this
Gwenevere Abriel: Anchor room. We've started a couple of times, we started
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were thinking young adult. We've also started at age six and seven and we don't get too too far into it. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if I can see some of the notes on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so just kind of close your eyes. If you're willing to, to the degree that you want to, you can always open them again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just picture this teal realm of beds and curtains and throw pillows with white walls, a closed. They window.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: They windows with a pillow and it's dark outside
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a lamp by the bed. It's comforting the picture of a white or you pictured of the white fluffy carpet and you see yourself laying and reading
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice it's nice and quiet when you focus on what sounds you hear and you smell coconut you taste mint and you notice the white door with a silver handle leads to the dining room and the emotion is comfortable. There's no worries outside the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trees and it's dark can seen the moon light hitting the ground.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the body is relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for this 13 year old in this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the lie. What was the misinformation that this young girl had to believe
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to survive at age 13
Gwenevere Abriel: This adult, of course knows that wasn't true. But in order to survive in that environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a 13 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did she have to believe was true.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be okay
Nadine Quintana: He
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't be hurt. That was the misinformation.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a sense of being that age right now being in that room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And really taking on this quality of
Gwenevere Abriel: There's
Nadine Quintana: Night night.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: Would be fine.
Nadine Quintana: Everything would be good. When I get older.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does the adult know that the little girl. This young 13 year old doesn't know what is the adult now.
Nadine Quintana: You're always
Nadine Quintana: There's always going to be things to you, you just
Nadine Quintana: Everything's gonna be perfect and happy all the time.
Nadine Quintana: People aren't always going to be good people.
Nadine Quintana: Trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you look at the little girl has she been treated
Gwenevere Abriel: Her whole life thus far.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even the six or seven year old was treated. Good.
Nadine Quintana: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was
Gwenevere Abriel: The young girl not treated. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was not treating her good
Nadine Quintana: She felt as her mom.
Nadine Quintana: Changed after she divorced her dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Screen was frozen. So here's what she said that I heard I had asked you, when she got hurt. And you said
Gwenevere Abriel: She felt as
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom changed after divorcing dad. Then I I don't know, that's kind of an incomplete sentence. Could you finish that
Nadine Quintana: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How would that hurt the little girl, girl.
Nadine Quintana: Because she became
Nadine Quintana: more distant, you know,
Nadine Quintana: Was carrying more about
Nadine Quintana: her new boyfriend and his kid and just kind of pushed
Nadine Quintana: The 13 year old out of the way.
Gwenevere Abriel: two year old feel
Nadine Quintana: Angry
Nadine Quintana: Angry and
Nadine Quintana: Frustrated, and just most be angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are you feeling right now.
Nadine Quintana: kind of relieved
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention now.
Nadine Quintana: We become
Nadine Quintana: Closer.
Nadine Quintana: We talk more
Nadine Quintana: We spend more time together.
Nadine Quintana: She doesn't choose anybody over her kids anymore.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get a sense of this 13 year old and
Gwenevere Abriel: A 13 year old maybe in this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, getting everything that she needs. She's got the attention of her mother. She's got all the things that give her comfort and peace and relaxation in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just see, see if this 13 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can have the awareness that this
Gwenevere Abriel: Shadow
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: outside the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And outside the room, and as far away as she wants it to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get a sense of where this 13 year old would place that shadow. How far away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Far away she wants.
Nadine Quintana: Did you hear what I said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me that. Correct. Yeah, cut off so far, like
Nadine Quintana: I said, for some reason I'm picturing the shadow on the other side of the door, which is even scarier.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's interesting. Let's just go with that for just a minute, just say okay so this 13 year old, what could she do what magic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can she use and she can use a, you know, and the compartment on the side of the wall is so secret compartment and there's a magic wand in there and she can do whatever she wants with this, with this shadow
Gwenevere Abriel: What was she like to do with it.
Nadine Quintana: Me, make it disappear, where couldn't ever come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's preventing it from disappearing.
Nadine Quintana: Cuz she keeps thinking about it.
Nadine Quintana: Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the thoughts.
Nadine Quintana: That's mostly
Nadine Quintana: About is the
Nadine Quintana: Way it looked like it was even though there wasn't a face. It was scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it want
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if this 13 year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either on her own or with her resource of
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective figure nurturing figure and wise figure
Nadine Quintana: Maybe we could
Gwenevere Abriel: Have that quality present in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if this
Gwenevere Abriel: Young woman can
Gwenevere Abriel: Somehow, ask the shadow what it wants.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be further away from the door when it asks, it can magically ask it can happen in whatever way comes to mind. But see if she's able to ask a question, find out what it wants.
Nadine Quintana: Yes.
Nadine Quintana: She would if she had those
Nadine Quintana: You know, nurturing and wise and
Gwenevere Abriel: Protecting
Nadine Quintana: You know, caring people protective people on their own, with her.
Nadine Quintana: She was able to
Nadine Quintana: You know, be more
Nadine Quintana: What's the word
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see if she can ask the
chatroom.
Nadine Quintana: Yes, she
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it sound. Let me hear
Nadine Quintana: What do you want with me. Why do you keep popping up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you picture happening with the shadow
Nadine Quintana: I just picture it standing there in silence.
Nadine Quintana: Hovering
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. And where is it now in that picture. You just thought of.
Nadine Quintana: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how are you from zero to 100 right now.
Nadine Quintana: I don't, I wouldn't crush just like
Gwenevere Abriel: Distress encompasses all negative feelings. So just give me a number zero to 100
Nadine Quintana: Sorry Quinn. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling nervous and zero to 100
Gwenevere Abriel: Hundred being the worst nervous and zero being like none.
Nadine Quintana: I would say they could
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever felt 100
Gwenevere Abriel: And nervous.
Nadine Quintana: Yes you have. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if you can, you can bring in more of that awareness of that team. Don't just stay there for a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: And why don't you use the distancing
Gwenevere Abriel: Of that shadow and put it
Nadine Quintana: Okay, sorry, Greg. Can you say that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put the picture. The team with you in your room. This 13 year old really really being present with protection nurturing and wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that she really knows it believes it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe nurtured protected.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wise all around her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can do a little distancing to get that that shadow, you had before was this shooting star that could kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Get whatever negative thing was going on, you could get some distance, maybe you can picture that shadow
Gwenevere Abriel: Heading away.
Nadine Quintana: And you could picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're not able to get much further into this in the sense that you would have been nice to kind of have gone through understanding with the shadow wanted
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
But
Gwenevere Abriel: Without that around. How do you feel in the room.
Nadine Quintana: I don't know. I don't know.
Nadine Quintana: Just nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let's do this. I think someone else might be able to communicate and get that thing out of there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who knows what to do.
Nadine Quintana: That again.
Gwenevere Abriel: What or who knows how to get that shadow out of there.
Nadine Quintana: I think my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: So long to picture him.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would he do to make sure that shadow was nowhere nowhere around
Nadine Quintana: I think you would chaser away. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then how would you feel once it was chased away and yelled out
Nadine Quintana: Relief
Nadine Quintana: Happy
Nadine Quintana: worried it might come back.
Nadine Quintana: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you and your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm alone. Yeah. What do you your dad have in common.
Nadine Quintana: Um,
Nadine Quintana: We're very caring could be very caring
Nadine Quintana: Even when we know we shouldn't be very giving
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of your wisdom is this awareness. So the quality of your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would say don't lose that that he knows also how to protect
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only wise, but it sounds like he's also part of your, your protective figure to
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of like James right
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anyone that you can think of that would know how to demand an answer from the shadow. Like, why
Gwenevere Abriel: What it was up to why what it wanted from you.
Nadine Quintana: My god.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Dad could do it. Dad can find out
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe picture maybe dad chasing it right yelling at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Down the road far away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe dad faces, it can you find a way to face the shadow
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it bigger or smaller than job.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Justice a memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sense
Gwenevere Abriel: In touch with some of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Missing him, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have that quality and he's like you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in therapy. This is the right thing to do in therapy is cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what people do.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get in touch with their feelings, where maybe before
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling them. They weren't letting themselves feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Peace in
Nadine Quintana: Your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you miss
Nadine Quintana: Just
Nadine Quintana: He was just really affectionate and
Nadine Quintana: Just wanted what was best for me just always wanted me to do for
Nadine Quintana: You knew that no matter what I was doing or what messed up things he was doing. He always knew that I would do good Sunday.
Nadine Quintana: I just wish she was here to see me.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can see you doing good now. Right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it turns out he was right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing good.
Nadine Quintana: So what do you notice about
Gwenevere Abriel: What happened today.
Nadine Quintana: Is a movie should have spent more time with him. Oh.
Sorry, you kind of cut off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's important is what you shared, which is, I wish I would have spend more time with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Yeah. What would you have done.
Nadine Quintana: Came in
Nadine Quintana: And just
Nadine Quintana: stayed here with him and
Nadine Quintana: Talk to him and took care of him.
Nadine Quintana: And I just wish I would have
Nadine Quintana: Enable to come in, you know,
Nadine Quintana: Just healthcare man be there for him like he was for me whenever I would be sick or something was happening to me. He was always there.
Gwenevere Abriel: forgiving yourself for needing
Nadine Quintana: He when I was younger. He just always wanted me to do.
Nadine Quintana: Something good with my life, and he he
Nadine Quintana: Didn't want me with my husband and he just wanted me to finish school and wanted me to do something with my life.
Nadine Quintana: For me and my son.
Nadine Quintana: I get mad at myself sometimes because
Nadine Quintana: I
Nadine Quintana: Think that if I would have
Nadine Quintana: Not gotten back with my husband and I would have went back to school and I would have done something with my life that my life would be different Mickey had wanted it to be, but
Nadine Quintana: Instead, it just, I kept
Nadine Quintana: Going back and
Nadine Quintana: Then I got into drugs and
Nadine Quintana: I didn't do anything with my life. I do nothing with my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what you think now that you haven't done anything with your life.
Nadine Quintana: I always
Nadine Quintana: Something that really
Nadine Quintana: Really
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like you're you're have a judgment about yourself. What is the judgment. You have about yourself.
Nadine Quintana: That I would have made better decisions that I would have
Nadine Quintana: You know if I would have gone to school and finish school and
Nadine Quintana: You know, met a
Nadine Quintana: Good man, that was good to me and not just, you know,
Nadine Quintana: Had kids at such a young age and
Nadine Quintana: Been doing good for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, stepping back from what you did say
Gwenevere Abriel: All the places that you went
Gwenevere Abriel: self discovery. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look back at this session. And, see, see what you liked about what you did today.
Nadine Quintana: I'd like
Nadine Quintana: To actually
Nadine Quintana: Instead of questioning you every time you ask me something that are just able to just say it say whatever, even if it didn't go with what you were asking me
Nadine Quintana: I was
Nadine Quintana: really scared to just let out what first came to mind.
Nadine Quintana: Like I usually am I overthink it. And I mean, I know I still do that but then I just go back to. Okay, this is what I thought open. That's what popped up and I was able to do that and just say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you like that about what you did that you were able to just trust yourself. You are good enough to say whatever comes to mind.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah. Oh, good.
Nadine Quintana: I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: We all want that feeling all day long. Whatever, I'm thinking of that's just fine. Right.
Nadine Quintana: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad you noticed that I liked seeing it happen where you didn't have to question yourself all the time. Question. Your first response, you know, and my next clients here Nicole needing but thinking about for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you surprised at how you're feeling right now.
Nadine Quintana: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be accepted, right.
Nadine Quintana: Um, I just, I usually don't don't cry.
Nadine Quintana: It's just I guess kind of got to me.
Nadine Quintana: More than
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you need to do today just to sort of either put these intense feelings. Maybe you want to keep them out and sit with them a little longer. Maybe you want to do some drawing. Maybe you want to put them away.
Nadine Quintana: The container.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the jar or maybe send them on the shooting star.
Do you like to
Nadine Quintana: Alright, the guy would just like just get myself together real quick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's a metaphor. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, sure. Where would you please feelings. You're having right now we want to put them in a container or leave them out so they can be present. Where do you want to kind of send them on the star instead of shooting the way
Nadine Quintana: I think I would just like to put it away for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so then the jar.
Gwenevere Abriel: coziness that's in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something comfortable. So those feelings will want to stay in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you picture. What would be their
Nadine Quintana: Benches some big pillows and
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of like you
Nadine Quintana: And yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, picture that and just sort of gently inviting these memories and all the feelings and just let them, let them be inside the char with all his comfy pillows.
Gwenevere Abriel: And those feelings and memories. They want to stay there and they can come out when you want to visit them. Maybe you can view them because it might be transparent, not sure, but they're there, and they want to stay there and it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no problem to solve. Nothing urgent, we took them out and we can put them back.
Gwenevere Abriel: And guess what you get.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your day right
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me when when we can meet again, what would work for you.
Nadine Quintana: I mean, I think.
Nadine Quintana: Anything.
Nadine Quintana: On Tuesday, I think I've been doing pretty good at meeting up with you so
Gwenevere Abriel: About February 18th
Gwenevere Abriel: At 1210
Nadine Quintana: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any medication for today, so I need to message. The doctor
Nadine Quintana: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you worked really hard at and I don't get to
Nadine Quintana: See
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't get to see a lot of that from you, you know, where you really sit
Gwenevere Abriel: With your feelings you were really close to them really felt them today. You were quite brave.
Nadine Quintana: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a privilege. Thank you for sharing.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you in group.
If you decide to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Otherwise,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you either the following Monday or on that Tuesday.
Nadine Quintana: Okay. All right. Thank you, Brian, welcome. Bye.
Nadine Quintana: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, Katrina.
Gwenevere Abriel: Katrina.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I've got to put food in the oven.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I apologize for that. I don't usually see people so late, but I'm starting to do that it I'm haven't quite got my groove down yet. No, no, that's fine. I
Katrina Gutierrez: Can't say anything. I'm always late.
Katrina Gutierrez: You better than I do.
Katrina Gutierrez: And you have more on your plate.
Put it in the oven.
Good timer, I guess. It should take about 10 minutes. Eat up. I'm guessing may hear a beep start. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So how have you been
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Staring at my picture. You've been good. All right.
Katrina Gutierrez: Put my phone away.
Gwenevere Abriel: No been good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't had any issues. Okay. Oh, are you mentoring thing learning issue is, is me and Trinity will want me and Trinity. TRINITY. And everybody okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, oftentimes, you have to stress about, you know, questioning you know your role and whether you know that whole thing, you sound really comfortable that you've settled in with this isn't about me. This is something going on with Trinity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And are you increasing the frequency of her therapy. What are you doing to address it. I'm actually heard therapist.
About
Katrina Gutierrez: Six months ago stopped seeing her. She said that she was good and that she didn't need them anymore.
Katrina Gutierrez: And at the time, she was good but now I don't know what's going on with the kid.
Katrina Gutierrez: I, I talked to her last night, she was doing the dishes and I came out and I said, what's going on with you.
Katrina Gutierrez: Are you is anything bothering you, is anything you want to talk about because I hadn't some interaction with her like prior to that, and she was just real real cold real distant and just kind of looks
Katrina Gutierrez: Not sad, but not like mad, either. It's like a combination of, like, I guess last
Katrina Gutierrez: She looks confused and lost. And so I was trying to like just, you know, you know, shoot the shit with her, ask her about her day and everything. And she was just just been so like
Katrina Gutierrez: She didn't even want to do it. And she's usually not like that. And she's been like that for a few days now.
Katrina Gutierrez: And I finally just said I was like I don't know what's going on with you. But there's something going on and we need to talk about it you I will give you time to think about how you want to share it, but you need to talk to somebody about it so
Katrina Gutierrez: What do you want her
She's there Washington
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want her. I want her to just have
Contact. And I just want her to have someone
That she's sharing with because there's something going on with her and I can't pinpoint it and nobody can in the house and
She's being really weird.
Tell me what you mean.
She looks like she's
Okay, so
She doesn't talk to anyone. She goes into her room, she can't stay. You can stay awake.
She's constantly tired and
She's constantly irritated.
Gwenevere Abriel: So have you drug tested her. Yeah, yeah. What you find nothing okay
Gwenevere Abriel: How long is this thing going on. This has been going on for about a week now, but there was things that were leading up to this that were just like the sickness.
When she got sick again like that there was two times in less than a month where she was going up for three days straight.
And come to find out is because she wasn't listening to me and she kept drinking water really fast. I told her snippet don't keep putting like a bunch of water in you. You're just going to continue to get sick.
And so
She just she overindulges in food.
Katrina Gutierrez: I'm starting to think maybe she might be
I don't know if it's believe me or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: You tend to eat a lot of sort of calories at one time and then purge it in some way.
What are you saying there was, I think it might be that because
I've noticed she will go to the bathroom immediately after she eats
Katrina Gutierrez: And last night after she or no night before last. She was eating and then she was like we were talking. She's like, Okay, I gotta go the bathroom really quick. I was like, that's fine. And I got closer to the dorm to listen.
Katrina Gutierrez: And it didn't. I didn't hear anything. So, and she was in pretty pretty fast in and out. So
Katrina Gutierrez: I don't know because she she ordered this app.
Katrina Gutierrez: It's called better me and it's like a workout app.
Katrina Gutierrez: And she came and got all like my weights and stuff and you know one night went on a run and everything. And there's just that one night.
Katrina Gutierrez: And she constantly saying stuff like she's fat and where do you see it when I had her point out where she thought she was fat and it just it's a lot of the same signs my sister. I believe you. And it is a lot of similarities but
Then I don't know because when she does get sick. She hates it.
She's amazing. Well, she just wants to stop throwing up
So I'm wondering if it's maybe
I don't know. I don't know when she's literally borrowing money from people to eat his food here. I don't know what
Is McDonald's. I mean, she and there's this one guy.
That was a neighbor of my brothers.
Katrina Gutierrez: And he used to give her food because my brother never had food. Well, she ran into a modern way home from school and
Katrina Gutierrez: You know he he always wants to take her out to eat and like, Okay, well, maybe he just thinks that she's in the same situation. It doesn't know. And then I noticed on her email.
That she's been getting money from him and her mom every day like 2040 $50 he said her 40 and then the next day sent her 50
Katrina Gutierrez: I don't know that's there's something. There's something weird about that. Yeah, I'm like that's not that's not normal. That's not what people do and I keep telling her
Katrina Gutierrez: You can't just trust everybody baby. I know you. You think you know you've known him for a long time, but you're also not a little girl anymore and
People don't just give money for no reason. So either you're telling him something that's not necessarily true.
Or he's got ulterior motives and she just like thinks I'm crazy, she looks at me like,
Katrina Gutierrez: She doesn't listen to me. She thinks I don't know anything about life, I swear. And then I'm just crazy entity.
And I don't know what to do. It's to the point where I'm like, You gotta go to your mom's
I mean, you got to that point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Last week, but wait, it got that bad because she was lying.
Gwenevere Abriel: lying about what
Katrina Gutierrez: She went she said she was gonna go apply it. This place right at the street. So we're like, okay, you know, let's good get I'll get some fresh air. You know, we want her out of the house.
Katrina Gutierrez: You know out of her room and we something constructive and so we're like, okay, that's fine. She's not happy as a place. She's so you want to go somewhere else and apply. So we're like, okay, and then I get on my email and my email is connected to hers.
Katrina Gutierrez: Somehow I signed on to one of her her things way back when, when I was setting it up and it stayed like that. And I came across her Google map where it tractor.
Katrina Gutierrez: And of course, me being, you know, concerned I looked at it. Well, while she was out and about his show that she was not where she was going. And then we get a phone call from Elisa sister.
Katrina Gutierrez: Thing that she's over at the twins, this House knocking on the door and this is this Lisa sisters, best friends. They live right behind us.
Katrina Gutierrez: And they could see her on the walkie talkie the doorbell THING THEY WEREN'T HOME, but they couldn't get the mic to work so they didn't know what she needed
And
We don't know why she went over there.
And I asked her, and she was like, there was a dog.
Well, you can see the background it from like the center of the video right
And there's no dog. And I'm like, Okay, well maybe we couldn't see it. But why were you all these other places, you said you weren't
Katrina Gutierrez: And then you go over there and on the video. She looks worried, she looks scared.
Katrina Gutierrez: And that's why we're so concerned because she doesn't go over there. She really knows those people and
Gwenevere Abriel: I come right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like you got some missing information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and
Katrina Gutierrez: My concern is, is, you know, what did she did something maybe already happened with this guy that that made her uncomfortable that day or something. And she didn't know what to do. And she got scared.
Katrina Gutierrez: thinking I was going to freak out or something. I don't like that she doesn't want to talk to me. And I understand that that's probably my doing
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here when the one time that I met you two together it. The one thing I forgot a lot about what that interaction was that the one thing that stuck with me. The one thing she said, which was because it's so the hierarchy is so off kilter when she says, Well, I'll, I'll do anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: To help you
Gwenevere Abriel: Was to help you. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: It brought Trinity in there to help her and her whole mindset is about taking care of you. So you're right. There may still be this.
Gwenevere Abriel: She can't tell you. Maybe everything that's going on for fear that it will cause you distress caused a seizure. You know, there may still be sort of that underlying thing, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how a lot of what you shared with me is, you know, I've had to take care of a baby when I was just a kid myself you know people in general we pick up on things. We may not hear it directly but
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, I, I've accidentally let it slip and then I've had explained to her that it's like it was one time I told I said I was saying it's released. I didn't realize she was here.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is why I didn't want kids, and it was in the sense of, I'm terrified of having kids because I worry about them constantly and I'll helicopter them and
Katrina Gutierrez: I had to go. Explain it to her when I realized she was here. I was like, I don't mean it like I would
Katrina Gutierrez: Not want you or that I would change that. Yeah, I'm a citizen. I didn't want to have kids because I didn't want to have to worry about them. And, you know, basically, I didn't want to mess them up, possibly
Gwenevere Abriel: For Katrina. What she may be left with is she doesn't want you to worry
Gwenevere Abriel: She makes such choices like she has to she surviving uncollected her parents are just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just failed her terribly and she's just not you know it sucks because she's not mentally where she should be yeah I mean 18 and she
Gwenevere Abriel: She refuses to do anything. She has a car that Elisa sister gave her. Uh huh. She has a permit. She won't wear her glasses. That's what stopping her from driving
She won't remember to wear her glasses.
And she has such bad vision. She has this stigma.
Katrina Gutierrez: I think actually involve if she has like horrible vision because she needed glasses from a very young age, and my brother literally worked in an eyeglass place as a entrepreneur a tech. He couldn't make her glasses.
Katrina Gutierrez: And her eyes just got worse and worse and worse and they're just horrible. Now she can barely see the optometrist, and when we took her
And she snuck out to see a boy and she won't get her Devo like these are things
Katrina Gutierrez: Why are you making it hard for yourself. You know, we're trying to get her to transition into doing stuff for herself like calling a doctor scheduling appointments. She's got a tooth that hurting when she drinks hot and cold.
She just won't make a dentist appointment.
And it pisses Lisa off because
Katrina Gutierrez: At least you made the effort to make sure she got to those appointments prior to this. Yeah. You know, when my brother wouldn't sign over medical
Because he wanted to be a jerk to me. Lisa literally figured out a way to get it signed over
And she did all of that. And God or the regular checkups and Trinity and never had that before. And she was trying to explain how important that is in terms of you liked it, that somebody was doing that and cared and
Now she just won't continue it and
It makes me mad because she's like you. What did I do that for if you're not going to continue to take care of yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: was watching
Gwenevere Abriel: Us to do with reaching some sort of point of wanting to go back, um, is that about or about wanting to prevent disharmony with Elisa
Oh no, I mean,
I mean, I mean, at least you have gotten into the worst arguments over our relationship out of the 12 years this last, you know, not this year. I mean, not this last year but like the first two years out of these four
was horrible. I mean, it literally almost broke us at times because we just do not see I die.
I'm more of a
I don't believe in spanking. And just one of the more laid back and
Understanding of like a teenager, being a teenager.
And
She's a Nazi about, you know, the chore or
You know, handling your business. Yeah, and
It at first it was like, okay, you're just you're being a little harsh as a teenager, but now it's like okay, it's been four years, you're still not doing this, like, you're still not doing this right. We all we want is for her not to sleep during the day.
Katrina Gutierrez: To get out of the house, you know, have some friends, but this is her thing.
Katrina Gutierrez: We don't let her have friends. We don't like her friends. Well, when your friends ditch school to go pull a runner at a store, bro. Yeah, no, you're not going to have those friends. I'm sorry. Don't pick
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so maybe she doesn't know how to do it. What could she be doing that you guys would approve of because may just not be drawing unhealthy people we've tried to get her into habits. I mean not habits hobbies.
We've tried everything together a hobby store we've, you know, had a Google stuff I've Google stuff with her. She's just like,
She has no motivation or driver anything to want to do anything. And it's like, I don't know what that is. And I don't understand it. Because even at my worst I I still had that like
Katrina Gutierrez: That voice outage, get up, get out of this bed, you know,
And I was at my bad days, and it's just I don't know.
I swear it has to do with the, the abandonment issues and stuff and just not connecting with she doesn't have that mom thing.
That mom trust relationship with anyone. I mean, I'm the closest one
Katrina Gutierrez: And I don't know if I ruin that because the first three months she was born after she was born for best and it was in my room. I was waiting for feeding her
It wasn't so she had the RSV and she had like a cold on top of it this year, she had a yeah the respiratory infection and Nicole.
And she was like blimp like two in the morning. It freaked me out.
We go to the doctor and the emergency doctor said that if she had been she had RSV and then we brought her in. She would have made it through another hour
And so after that. It's like, I don't know, made her mom realize, oh, wow. Maybe I should be doing this.
And then
I don't know if I took that connection from that bond hundred
Gwenevere Abriel: The bonding anybody doesn't have to be. I'm leaching connected doesn't have to be with the birth.
And the connection with me and her but
I mean, she's doing things that are just this should not be explained it, and I don't understand why, like when she was sick. She let her trash can get so full.
And then was
She was getting sick in dishes.
Katrina Gutierrez: That's not normal, like what the hell, she left her sickness on the floor there for two days. And even after she started to feel better after
Katrina Gutierrez: The. NET a bitch no go clean it up. Jesus month that's just and I tried to be very nice about it because I didn't want to be like oh my god you're discussing. That's just wrong.
So it's like baby. You can't do that. You even when you feel horrible. You gotta clean it up because you can make stuff more sick, you can't have that stuff just laying around that.
And are you know when you have kids, you're not going to feel good. At times they get sick. You got cleaned up right away. You gotta gotta do it.
And I just don't understand how come. She's okay with like logically. What is what would make you think it's okay to vomit in a cup and then
Put it in the sink.
And let others like that's a bodily fluid, it's
Not sentence.
You know, possibly drink out of it. Oh.
Yeah, man. He doesn't do dishes well at all. I mean I have to rewatch every dish that they wash, because
There's stuff stuck to them they stink like it's just, it's too dangerous. It's too risky for me and
She knows how bad it was delicious, especially in
This story to me away and he is like his dad, it just
Is that says it's, it's just a man thing.
And I think, I think it's because it's dead point blank. But Matthew just too busy staring at his phone.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: He
Gwenevere Abriel: She experienced some sort of developmental
Gwenevere Abriel: We say problem and has not kept pace with the current chronological age.
Gwenevere Abriel: For whatever reason, and there might be some some disordered eating. She might be spending money on something that will cause her to throw up could be any number of things. So she's purging and and for most people with that. There's so much shame. There's no way she's going to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well what caught my attention was I was telling her the other night when she was eating and she said can go the bathroom. I was telling her right before that, before she was eating that if she needs to if she could start to pay attention, just to how much she's taking in because
I worry that maybe she's not realizing, and it may be. She's over you know over eating and
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, so I know what you're registering is too much what's too much.
Like for burgers from McDonald's fries and then an ice cream and maybe her our, you know, half a bag of
Chicken nuggets and fries.
It's like four servings. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's much and she inhales it
Gwenevere Abriel: DOESN'T SHOE and when she does it.
Katrina Gutierrez: Like my brother. She eats like my brother and as a baby. My mom used to have to pull the ball away from him because he would just eat it so fast. And then he gets sick. And then he'd be starving again screaming
Katrina Gutierrez: Trinity did the same thing when she was a baby. I'd have to literally like just, you know, pull it away for a minute and let her get
And I don't know what it is. If it's just them or like
Gwenevere Abriel: So I would recommend that you schedule an appointment with her therapist again.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's some something's going on with that eating, it's, it's the same basically the same process as substance addiction it substance abuse because
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a solution for her. Something's going on underneath it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't know how old it is. I mean, if you're really saying this happened in infancy.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is going to take some work. But if she could become conscious of it. Yes, that would be good, but this
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think as as you're giving out this evidence. Right. Do you think that that's probably what
Gwenevere Abriel: She's got some binge eating going on oh yeah I know she does it defeats in her email that she's eating like five times a day, while she's in school. Yeah, there's something going on. So why haven't you already reached out. What's your hesitation. Do not trust your own intuition.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I just
Gwenevere Abriel: It just like barely started up again this is she wasn't doing that, like for a minute. There she wasn't eating anything. And she got really skinny and I thought she was like
Crack
Gwenevere Abriel: Belief that you just showed another sign of it. So there's it's you can control eating what you restrict or you over exercise or you use a laxative, or you induce vomiting.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's, it's all the same phenomenon. It's a disordered eating and I think she does need to see someone
Katrina Gutierrez: Would that make sense to why she's so comfortable with moment like just
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because I've seen like I seen a movie where this this girl was like growing up in jars and then hiding in closet and was totally okay with it. So,
Katrina Gutierrez: It might notice the other night when I was talking to her about like just paying attention. Maybe that she's taken too much in it. Maybe she needs to just realize like sit back and think in my fault.
Gwenevere Abriel: She had this look the shame. Look. Yeah. So in our work together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about how much
Gwenevere Abriel: Math you're doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is our focus on what's the unmet need
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the focus
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the skill. So if you can't get her to on her solution. She's doing the best you can. Okay, she's a young woman. She's trying, she's not trying to inconvenience you to know it wasn't like that when I when I went
Katrina Gutierrez: When I brought that up to her it wasn't like I was trying to go to that area. So I didn't even think of that. I thought maybe she was over eating and didn't realize it. And that's what was causing her to get sick like this later on. And then I was just trying to maybe
Katrina Gutierrez: Figure out help her figure out
Maybe she's overdoing because she didn't realize she was over drinking water. And that's what continue to make her stick for that long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me. Okay, I'll put us on that water thing. But if this young woman has this phenomenon going on. This is a real condition and it can be life threatening. So I definitely recommend you get vegetables involved, but your part you're being able to come at it from a
Gwenevere Abriel: We all are doing the best we can. We try and find solutions to help ourselves feel okay with ourselves to feel loved.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we don't know. Maybe how to feel particular emotions like what do I do with it. I've got no modeling. What do I do, I can't go to can't go here. I can't go there. What can I go with these feelings of an adolescent. That's intense. Being an adolescent is hard, hard, hard
Gwenevere Abriel: And we all we can control our eating. If you can go to the space of
Gwenevere Abriel: What does eating do for you. What does it do for you, even though you know reasonable amount of food.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is is, is there something else we could be doing that would feel just as good and let's experiment with it. Well, that's what I told her last night, I said we're going to sit down and talk. You don't have to tell me anything that you don't want to
Katrina Gutierrez: We got at least sit down and you get it. Give me something, anything just a conversation
Gwenevere Abriel: So Katrina was doing anything.
Trying to insert myself but not forth
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you almost center to our moms and you really want this. But to the point I'm going to do, because what it's going to help over at moms.
This is really hard and my niece is really fragile in the sense of
You can't tell this kid.
The slightest you know the slightest mean thing and not even mean just honestly truthful. Yeah.
Katrina Gutierrez: Like I told her you got to get you got to find it in you. You got to pull it out of you get yourself out of bed.
Nobody can do it for you. And it looked like she was going to crumble. She wanted to throw away all the other night because it was greasy.
She couldn't get the grease I when I said just put more so, and she like literally started like she was going to break. And she was like, and I was a calm down, it's a it's a little you've got this
Katrina Gutierrez: It's the additional will get it more additional they clean, you know, birds that have all kinds of stuff from the ocean on oil. It'll come off. They clean the birds. They can clean the bowl will do it my shoulder like what to do. And she was just like
I'm like, why are you
Katrina Gutierrez: I will. I mean, I didn't say this part, I'm thinking to myself, why are you like ready to like just dropped to the ground and give up because a goal is
To go greasy and you rather just throw it away.
Katrina Gutierrez: And I get understand, you know, kids don't want to clean necessarily so it's easy to throw it away, but
Katrina Gutierrez: The reaction I got was like
Katrina Gutierrez: Wow. If there's anything challenging in your life. I'm really worried because that was a dish.
Gwenevere Abriel: I you're onto something there is something going on. So, but I heard you say is you're trying to protect Trinity for Elisa
Well, no, it's just not it's not from only issue is that
Gwenevere Abriel: At least it doesn't have a filter and she she tells it like it is. And Elisa is unfiltered words you're protecting Trinity from Alicia is on filters words you
Katrina Gutierrez: Did one. Yeah. And I'm also protected from me because
Katrina Gutierrez: I don't have patience for because I really don't. And I'm like, ready to lose my shit on her and I know there's something deep seated, there's something going on behavioral health wise, she's not not okay and I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to live with you, versus our moms, but it's what I asked her, and
She said she wanted to go
But then she told me she wanted to stay because she won't be able to finish school and stuff. Yeah.
See you heard at least you have a more clear relationship of
I don't know, it's just weird how
Can I guess maybe that's when it's just try and protect me. And she, I don't know.
Or
I don't know. I mean, obviously she's going to look at least the a little differently because Lisa has been doing everything you know like an adult figure would
Katrina Gutierrez: An apparent figure. So, of course,
But when I'm worried about is that
I mean everybody in this House is done with her there. So just flustered with her because she doesn't care. She doesn't respect people's stuff for boundaries.
She doesn't care to even clean up right to
Like show that she is thankful to be here.
And it's like,
Katrina Gutierrez: I love the next thing that we can do is either throw router beater, and I don't want to do either one of those
Katrina Gutierrez: So I wouldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Hurt being thankful to be there, that that's an uncomfortable thing look
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you're not asking for advice, and it's unsolicited but I would get her to a professional if you make it about you and making sure that she hears you that you're doing everything that you feel that you may want to just back off a little bit. Take the pressure off yourself because
Gwenevere Abriel: Eating disorders are really difficult to treat.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not gonna be able to do this on your own.
Katrina Gutierrez: I don't want to do it. I feel like I shouldn't have to do it, and her mom is literally
You know, doing whatever she wants. And
Katrina Gutierrez: This is her mom's job her mom needs to be doing this for her and helping her through it. I can't do it. I don't know how I'm scared. I'm going to say the wrong thing I'm going to do the wrong thing and if I just step back
Katrina Gutierrez: It could get worse, or it can get better. But either way, everybody in the house is still done, they don't want her here because of the way she acts and I mean showing appreciation like being hairs just doing what they asked like don't eat your room.
It's a respect thing, you know. She smoked in the house the other day because we didn't allow her to go outside because she kept leaving the door unlocked all night long and we live across from a ditch.
And so her punishment was, you can't go outside after dark smoke. You're done for the night.
She decided she was gonna smoke in her room. That doesn't even have a window.
That's that's like where she's that she just
Is either she doesn't care or she
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't I think there's two things going on there some sort of developmental
Gwenevere Abriel: Delay going on at night and I mean from up from a some sort of deprivation in in her development. Okay, whether it's trauma, whether it's whatever, you know, not just a little bit of everything. Okay. Um, but, but you're my client Katrina and
Gwenevere Abriel: I want for you to have peace of mind. I want for you to be keeping in mind, you know, preserving recovery and protecting it at all costs.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you're getting to the point where
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to get a little bit of space and it's time for critical over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. You were there for Trinity, a long time and a lot. There's nothing to feel bad about this might just be time you need a break. You don't have to spend time thinking I'm a bad person for doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know what's going to happen over there. None of us are God. We don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something might click something she sees with her mother, maybe not. It might get worse. It's still not your fault. None of it's your fault. It was never your promise to raise this child. You did not give birth to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you've taken that on huge
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have missed out on time to do you
Rather than
My spiritual path just mean recovery that's been put on a whole
Gwenevere Abriel: knock on my door.
Gwenevere Abriel: At the same time,
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now you know you, you're, you're talking about something that is pretty important. How do you see I could offer help. Was this helpful to get it off your chest. Yeah.
Katrina Gutierrez: You know, I think it was helpful to get it off and earlier I told myself the same thing that if it's time for her to go. It's time for her to go I
Katrina Gutierrez: I'm not doing anything wrong. I deserve a break. If I need a break because of my own sanity is at risk, then maybe this was best because obviously it's not going to be bit. Good for her or me. I'm not going to be best for her and
Maybe, like you said, maybe something will click maybe her mom can get through to her. I don't know, but it's not
I can't worry about the future.
When the moment I mean isn't even like
Feeling right ladies, I just got to get
His trust and just go with what I feel is right and I think she should she should go. I'm going to ask her.
Because I think she wants to go.
I think it's too hard for her hair. I think I don't think she's built for it.
And
It's not right because I look at it is
I mean, I just see you know fight in her known me. She's just
So,
You know, beat down. She's it's hard to even be mad at that for not having willpower strength or anything. Just motivation.
And I
It hurts, because I know she wants it. She has it somewhere. It's just
She can't find it, or something. I don't
Know there's something seriously wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I continue to encourage the idea of getting someone who can offer her some information around if there is some binge eating just addressing their relationship with food and control.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not a professional can do that. And that's not your responsibility. That's someone else and maybe get that in place.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, and then also talking with her about
Gwenevere Abriel: Your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, finding out what she wants.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might be an evolution. You go there and we see how it goes. Let's see if you like it better. Let's see if you like yourself better. Let's see if something positive happens
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we've been trying it this way and not seeing. I mean, I'm assuming Trinity. You don't really like what's going on in your life. So let's try something else. See if it works for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's talk. Let's talk every month and see if it's getting better. And we'll take it from there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, just, it's just a little experiment. Yeah, that's what I was planning on doing tonight when we talk to this.
Just seeing what she wanted. And seeing like maybe might be best for both of us. Yeah. In the whole situation in general because
The kind of environment that she's created for herself.
And relationships with others in the house. It is is not healthy for for her.
And
There are some of the other people in the house. Don't
see eye to eye with
Maybe what's that there's something deeper
And I don't want it to become any more.
Katrina Gutierrez: traumatic for her. I don't want any more things to happen to her mental health.
Because somebody doesn't understand necessarily or
Getting
Feel bad or
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, Katrina, we look at another time to meet. Do you want to meet next week, or wait two weeks. What do you want to do.
Katrina Gutierrez: Whatever, whatever works for you. I'm good. Either way,
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you're if you're really busy. Next week we can do in two weeks, if not then I'll take whatever you get well we're
Gwenevere Abriel: Today, we got a little off track. But we were working on before I wouldn't mind returning to some of the sort of that processing that I think that it's really good to know. How about we meet on Wednesday, February 12 at about 1210
Well, yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Deep breath, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's gonna be okay. No, it's gonna be okay. The solutions there. It's just maybe we need a little more information we need more professionals, you may need a break. Let's switch it up just take that pressure off gonna be okay.
Me. I knew it wasn't gonna be up with a teenager.
Gwenevere Abriel: On it.
Life now prior to this, did she did so.
Katrina Gutierrez: She's, she's better than she. You know, you would imagine.
Gwenevere Abriel: To spend some time in the next little bit kind of doing some meditation around peace and sort of getting centered with the I'm okay. I'm doing the best I can. I'm not in control of this. I'm not in the ultimate control. I have good intentions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sort of do a little meditation around that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear. I will see you Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right for group. Yep. Excellent. I'll see you then I'd be curious to know if you want to share a little bit about the status of right okay yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you
Nicole Bacon: I'm in Albuquerque it Ortiz house.
Nicole Bacon: It's the House on Ortiz is it's my mom, my dad's house and
Gwenevere Abriel: Anybody there now.
Nicole Bacon: Is my kitty cat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we we still need a little bit more clarification. Okay, we got to talk a little bit so we, let's just talk about the behavior contract, you and I went over it on Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wednesday. Wednesday. Wednesday is the 29th.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember that you were to attend 11am on Thursday.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, and I was told that I couldn't go to group, unless I peed in my cup and
Nicole Bacon: I one of the bright
Nicole Bacon: Heart Health people and I called
Nicole Bacon: They didn't fax it over. I had to, I call them late last night at like 130 add a column, they still didn't do it. I had a column, like just
Nicole Bacon: A couple hours ago. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a lot that followed that this is this is all I want to talk about for just a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: There was so much at stake for Thursday. I don't want to go into any other days.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to understand how I'm sitting here with no note in my record. No one being able to tell me that Nicole was trying to enter group I'm sitting here going,
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole's not interested in treatment anymore. Right. I'm blind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I get a text from you out of the blue about today because your regular route was Monday. So I'm completely blown away right now so I
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to gather information. And so it would be nice if I could get something from my care navigators to tell me about last Thursday and I can't find it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will do you know if you talk to anyone you recognize, like if I said a name ICO or
Gwenevere Abriel: Christina. Oh, okay. Christina. Let me see if we've got one because it's a start. And I could do a little detective work.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number one, I'm glad you're here. Okay. Because I was scared. I thought you'd given up.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one piece that is missing. Regardless, would have been a message to me that day saying I can't go to group. They're not letting me in.
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: See that
Nicole Bacon: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people do that they have myself. You can say, man, I'm here, I'm knocking on the door. They're not letting me in. Because I need to do this, this lab work. I'm going to go over here and go get it done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that part was missing that one. If you can let that in, you know, you have your therapist direct line.
Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit on that date and see if I can see anything so name sounds familiar, it's not a Janie, though, right.
Nicole Bacon: No, no, she has like an accident.
Katrina.
Nicole Bacon: Pretty sure is Christina. But if that's the closest and let me keep looking. I don't. I'm trying to see if there's any days on these notes this particular databases.
Gwenevere Abriel: All know that also yesterday. That's why, who has a lot of notes. Oh boy. Okay, there's Friday 31 we're getting closer. Okay, so up. I just saw I just saw 30 go by. We skipped down
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's the 30th, Chris. No, no, nevermind.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, what are we looking at your. Now, I don't know what the time is when there's so many time zones. I never know if this is Pacific
Let's see who
Gwenevere Abriel: Gets it gets Mountain Standard, maybe. Mm hmm.
Jamie. Jamie
Nicole Bacon: I talked to, like, three or four different people along the way. And for some reason, when I when I call I have to call through an actual app to bright health
Nicole Bacon: Right heart because it's so actually, it's the connections messed up. But basically took
Nicole Bacon: A while to get their request facts to the labs, even though they told me it was going to be there.
Nicole Bacon: Because they had an issue last time. So I called and I'm like, is it there. They're like, No. And so I asked for them to be send it. They didn't we send it for a couple days. I should have been in contact with you about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, one more thing to also keep in mind this is something from from the doctor, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so easy to get on regurgitating it so. Don't shoot the messenger. It's so easy to get a referral from break hard don't leave the lab.
Gwenevere Abriel: Call Brian hard while you're at the lab. She keeps saying the same thing. Don't leave the lab, it's not there, they're frozen out there don't leave the lab. She says the same thing over and over, don't leave don't leave, it's so easy to get that referral over
Gwenevere Abriel: So my eye right now what I'm doing is I'm looking for a Christina's picture and then I'm going to show you a little picture and see if you're like yeah that was her
Nicole Bacon: It was through the phone.
Nicole Bacon: Not video. Oh, okay. Christina through the phone. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if I look in a different database. What do I look QuickBooks.
Nicole Bacon: Either different people on the phone versus video
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no idea.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, I
Gwenevere Abriel: It's starting to seem like it.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
I'm
Chris
I'm gonna go
Me.
Like to see some notes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, I will have to come back to this. What I'll do is I will assume
Nicole Bacon: Oh, now I'm remembering
Nicole Bacon: Okay, it might have been a Jamie, I talked to a couple of different people. But I think the specific person that said, I can't
Nicole Bacon: Go to a group until I go
Nicole Bacon: To the lab. I think might be in Jamie, I don't know. She always wears her hair in a ponytail.
Nicole Bacon: Caucasian brown hair. I am not, I'm not positive.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that one was in virtual clinic. Right.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not when I have more of a
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense of
This is on the 30th. I don't see anything.
She was in
Nicole Bacon: Know somewhere else it when I checked in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually, maybe I can show a picture so. Okay, here we go, boy, I don't. This is with makeup on. I don't know if this is going to look like the same
Gwenevere Abriel: Person. Hold on a second. I need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do something else here.
Just do a
Gwenevere Abriel: Screenshot
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Where's your little face okay chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this her
Gwenevere Abriel: troublemaker.
Nicole Bacon: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's a Catherine mcgautha
Nicole Bacon: Brown hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: She has Catherine has grown here.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds a bit like that word that name, you were using before.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah i don't i talked. I feel like I talked to a Christina. That's that had some type of accident, maybe Asian or something.
Nicole Bacon: On the phone, but through virtual clinic. I was like a
Nicole Bacon: She doesn't wear makeup just pale skin like like paler skin and dark brown hair that she puts in a ponytail. That's remember it might be her. I don't know. People that complete different with makeup.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I know, I know, and pictures we can mess with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Katrina Katrina grow.
Nicole Bacon: So Craig.
Nicole Bacon: Might have been
Gwenevere Abriel: Bred also
Gwenevere Abriel: So Chris,
Nicole Bacon: Maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: I see your face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, okay. So ultimately, something broke down in in record keeping. So I'm going to put a pin in that
Gwenevere Abriel: I do want you to stay in this program, I do want it to work for you, but I had already kind of like said goodbye. So I'm having to really make a shift right now. That's what you're
Nicole Bacon: Right, I understand and awesome
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm going to stop trying there because I'm hitting a wall. Let's go to work, clinical stuff now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over to this idea of. Have you talked with your, your new partner is the one where you're going to travel around the state and do some shopping and I'm assuming it's like beads or something. What are you actually going to be
Nicole Bacon: I'm just jewelry jewelry making and yeah, we've been in contact every day. And so
Nicole Bacon: It feels good. It feels good. She knows I'm in
Nicole Bacon: This program and just kind of taking baby steps because, you know, I need to be in this program and get balanced and then talk to my probation officer to see if I can even
Nicole Bacon: fly out to Hawaii to help her for a month and come back, or how that works or
Nicole Bacon: If I'm balance and it feel good. She wants to hire me as your business partner so
Gwenevere Abriel: And you will
Nicole Bacon: Have to come back and forth, then they'll be what happens, but I'm also looking at maybe moving probation over there, but I need to get bounds first. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, all of that. If you end up in residential treatment. All of that's just going to be
Nicole Bacon: Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let me get
No, that's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just take a look at this together and see, see what you see will assess it to share okay right in here. This is what we were kind of saying is the behavior contact. So a debt attend individual therapy at least twice a week over the next 30 days. So you're here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's been a blip, and we're trying to uncover what happened with the group that's once a week. So we're going to put that aside for a second because you're here today. You did try to confirm with me trying to communicate.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the improvement there might just be if something goes sideways. There's so much at stake.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't afford to have me thinking. You didn't show up. You see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right at you thought bright heart had better communication, it doesn't
Nicole Bacon: I thought it. I thought so. Yeah. Cuz I'm like, if she's telling me like not to come into group. Yeah. Then I'm going to listen, but I didn't know you guys weren't talking about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Nicole Bacon: Just assume
Gwenevere Abriel: They haven't told me
Nicole Bacon: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have so much going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right so you what the thinking I think recommended here is there's so much at stake, I need to, no matter what message when
Gwenevere Abriel: If I don't write you back. Well, that's fine. But at least you did your part, maybe send an email and
Gwenevere Abriel: Or even say to people, wherever you go, like, make sure you please message when let her know I'm here, I'm trying to I'm on a behavior contract, like there's so much at stake here like put fire under there, but a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and directly messaged me. That's fine. Okay, so let's go here after no later than five minutes past the hour. It'll be considered a no show. So you really want to be there early
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to text call email your therapist if you're experiencing continued anxiety, guilt, depression, anger, other intruding psychiatric emotional issues. So why don't we get into that a little bit we last met almost a week ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: What has it been like for you. How intense has anxiety or depression or fear what. What's that been like
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: Dealing with fear. I feel like fears been a major
Nicole Bacon: Major thing and then leads to anxiety and it's mostly I realized I get ahead of myself. And then that's where the depression. That's where the fear and anxiety. It's not me, it's me not being comfortable in my present moment, cuz I'm kind of feeling not so
Nicole Bacon: Comfortable in my body, not so balanced on medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well let's start there. So I heard you saying you're getting ahead of yourself and then it causes anxiety and a lot happens so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm how many milligrams. Are you on and for how many days at this point.
Nicole Bacon: four milligrams for
Nicole Bacon: So weeks.
Nicole Bacon: So bye week. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what symptoms are you presenting with
Nicole Bacon: A little bit of shaky leg at night, a little sweaty at night shaky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wedding a night. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Nigeria. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When what time of day.
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: Kind of when I like leave the house when I'm around people.
Nicole Bacon: Out in public. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you, attributing that to maybe more psychological
Gwenevere Abriel: Style. I'm going to just push that one off a little bit, just going to stick here with this one I'm going to look at the restless leg and the sweaty about. What time of night is that kicking in.
Nicole Bacon: About
Nicole Bacon: I would say AROUND LIKE THREE, ISH.
Nicole Bacon: 3am yeah and then I wake up a couple more times after that usually
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and on a scale of zero to 10 how distressing is just the restless leg part
Nicole Bacon: Um, my for, I guess,
Gwenevere Abriel: And the sweaty now know
Gwenevere Abriel: Going into full withdrawal. In the past, that's a 10. That's the worst of the sweats, this one at night at about 3am. What's it like
Nicole Bacon: What's the number that a three.
Gwenevere Abriel: By three. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and isn't getting any better. Have you noticed any slight improvement over the last couple days.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, yeah, tiny bit. Okay, tiny, I have to push my cat off me. I'm like, no, no. Cuddles and sweaty.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Better
Gwenevere Abriel: Over the last couple days. Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what is stable, let's let's cover big domains of life. Let me just kind of get a sense of things there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Residents you have been in various residences.
Gwenevere Abriel: My concern with when you were the last time I had seen you, was in Santa Fe, and I was quite concerned, there was the storyline, you know, around Christmas and being alone and just this just, I was like, oh, and G.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Really worried about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you actually living
Nicole Bacon: In Albuquerque at the townhome and I've been mostly here.
Nicole Bacon: I haven't been taking trips to Santa Fe that much.
Nicole Bacon: I hadn't gone for like couple weeks until the last time I talked to
Nicole Bacon: So this is stable here for me. I have my cat that that's kind of new ish and she's a good, a good little buddy for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So whose cat is it. Where does this cat come from.
Nicole Bacon: It's my cat.
Nicole Bacon: But she
Nicole Bacon: Used to live at my parents house. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that is okay. What's your cat's name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bear and it's okay that bears there everyone's on the same page.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often are you eating.
Nicole Bacon: I should be eating more often.
Nicole Bacon: I'm out of food stamps and
Nicole Bacon: I have food. I have some food to make but I
Nicole Bacon: I could be eating better. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what is the, is it because oh I, you know, we need to get back on point with following through with food stamps, for example.
Nicole Bacon: I have food stamps. It's just I ran out for the month. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you think the real crux of it is with the eating. What do you think the problem is
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: running out of food stamps. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you use them quickly. Like did you give them away.
Nicole Bacon: Did you know no
Nicole Bacon: I usually honestly they usually run out.
Nicole Bacon: Like a week before like I have a week usually where I don't I run out. Usually the funnel. I'm gonna have to do better shopping with the food stamps like go to Trader Joe's instead
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're. Are you going to Whole Foods or something expensive for them.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, just because it's right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. So the more frugal maybe with it.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mix it up. So hopefully, so maybe creating a budget on there. Okay, and let's talk a little bit about we know about career you've kind of identified and and it does kind of surprise me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That this was new information to you that you don't like touching haired from out here. It does sound conflicting you've touched tear you've enjoyed
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking care of one of your friend's daughter's hair and I never heard anything about I don't like touching here what what's new about this.
Nicole Bacon: Not like they don't like touching the hair is is just, it's overwhelming. For me, it's a trigger. It's definitely a trigger. I feel like I need to get high to touch people
Nicole Bacon: Strangers. And then I have this Magellan in his skin parasite disease that I'm dealing with. So my skin is still healing and
Nicole Bacon: I don't feel like I could hold space for people doing their hair when my skin is looking bad and I'm not feeling presentable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is this around that self esteem stuff like I don't stop. Are we getting close to it there.
Nicole Bacon: Um, it's an actual physical a parasite that I'm dealing with. Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: So effects that yes effects myself as being
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it. And what medication you taking to treat it.
Nicole Bacon: I'm on antibiotics.
Gwenevere Abriel: WHERE DID. WHERE DID.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where did they suspect
Nicole Bacon: It honestly they told me it was in my head.
Nicole Bacon: But still gave me antibiotics.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is confusing.
Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, it's a it's a weird one. It's a weird one that doctors don't like to accept that it's a real thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you spell it.
Nicole Bacon: More jellybeans disease, M. O. R. G. E. LL o n s
Nicole Bacon: I need to review that myself. One more about it. Yeah. It's a weird one night and my parents like wanting to know who
Gwenevere Abriel: Are your parents in him, for example, is your father in the field of
Gwenevere Abriel: Medicine or psychology. What does he do
Nicole Bacon: He works at Los Alamos laboratories, he's
Nicole Bacon: Works on secret stuff.
Nicole Bacon: He's actually gonna retire here in like two weeks.
Nicole Bacon: But he's a smarty pants.
Gwenevere Abriel: Smarty Pants. So he's probably some of that down to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Big old brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Um, and your, your mom is she in the field of psychology
No.
Gwenevere Abriel: She just what she do for to earn a living, or what you do with most of it.
Nicole Bacon: Both my both my parents were Air Force and then my mom retired.
Nicole Bacon: I mean, she made she made. She was the first woman to make chief rank in New Mexico, so she went as far as she could.
Nicole Bacon: And then she retired and started
Nicole Bacon: volunteering at the animal shelter and then my dad retired.
Nicole Bacon: What didn't work for about a year and then start working at Los Alamos labs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, and who um
Gwenevere Abriel: Who have you or is that where we need to start. Have you cut out anyone
Gwenevere Abriel: From your life.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, people that I feel like I
Nicole Bacon: Get instant anxiety around
Nicole Bacon: Dealers all those numbers blocked.
Nicole Bacon: And I made a couple new friends that are sober.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about hard
Nicole Bacon: Hard to find
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, made a couple server friends were to meet him.
Nicole Bacon: And my friend Kelly and James
Nicole Bacon: His name's Rez he he he was doing a mural on the side of their wall, and he has this he had this sweat shirt that said sober gangster. He's like, Can you take a picture of me in my hoodie.
Nicole Bacon: Like, I know. And I asked him. I asked him, honestly, like how many people do you know
Nicole Bacon: That are actually sober like like you. And he's like, not really. Many and I met
Nicole Bacon: One of his friends and he's, he smokes weed and that's about it. But it's really hard to so many people. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So whenever you want to tell me what you did for most of the day on Thursday and Friday of last week time. Let me know what your days are like
Nicole Bacon: Thursday, Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You try to get into group at 11
Nicole Bacon: I i think i was at healy's I they're paying me to so curtains.
Nicole Bacon: For this further space. So I was doing that I Pretty sure on Friday and Saturday.
Nicole Bacon: I was how. Oh, no, no.
Nicole Bacon: My parents dropped off my, my dad Mia here because they flew out. So I was hanging out with Mia on day and every day. I've been talking to Barbie, my friend that wants me to be here business partner trying to
Nicole Bacon: See how that can
Nicole Bacon: Fit into my life and
Nicole Bacon: feeling safe and good in that way, seeing how it can work out. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much sleep. Are you getting at night.
Nicole Bacon: Um,
Nicole Bacon: The last couple nights have been way better. Like, I'm actually dreaming again. I hadn't been dreaming for a long time.
Nicole Bacon: So last couple nights have been good.
Nicole Bacon: Sometimes I don't get to bed, till two but I'm trying to start to lay down by, like, midnight. At least I'm trying to get on a schedule trying to go on a schedule because
Nicole Bacon: I always the day away if I don't do that. It's hard to implement that after not having that and just doing whatever I want.
Nicole Bacon: And that's not how I want to
Nicole Bacon: Continue my life I want to get stuff done, and
Nicole Bacon: Have a schedule, you know, not necessarily a schedule but like
Nicole Bacon: get stuff done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in general, people right we
Gwenevere Abriel: We will wait to the last minute to get something done if we don't have a set deadline.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how most people are. And for some people. This self regulation of getting a task done without someone pushing it and saying, well, you're going to lose this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't get it done without those constraints, it's difficult for people to follow through.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice, like in your language just now. You're like, boy, I know I need to schedule, but I can tell you don't really want one. But there's a part that you don't want to waste your day. And so you're kind of stuck with nobody's asking you to have a schedule.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Nicole Bacon: I feel like I'm like learning how to self talk to myself again.
Nicole Bacon: Of being like okay, I'm going to do this and then Dutta duh. And then our did it up like I haven't. I hadn't I lost that I lost that self talk for a long time. And so I feel like that helps
Nicole Bacon: That helps me
Nicole Bacon: stay on task or like do goals that I'm trying to do, you know, right now there's simple and I'm just trying to balance out and be careful with myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just find out because what I just said was without a constraint. Most people will waste a day away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will spark rain will say, just do it later. There's no one watching
Gwenevere Abriel: Shane nothing. And I happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's most people. So you're saying that self talk alone because you've been able to talk to yourself for months and years.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. How is that going to motivate you. How is yourself talking to actually be a constraint. How does that work doesn't work for most people. How can it work for you.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, no, I mean, I'm
Nicole Bacon: I haven't implemented it okay for a while. But the real fire under My ass is Barbie, honestly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see where it actually exists RV is a person there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Actually is a metaphor. So what is she actually providing that is a timeline that is a real expectation what's real.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, what's real.
Gwenevere Abriel: Constraint. What is she actually expecting
Gwenevere Abriel: What is she asking for
Nicole Bacon: I'm
Nicole Bacon: Kind of
Nicole Bacon: I mean she wants me to be her business partner so I
Nicole Bacon: We talked about like different things that I can make or helper do she wants me to go visit Hawaii. And I want to heal my skin and and feel good before I can go out there, if I can even go up there. So she's asking me if I can like go visit her and see if it's going to work out.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's pretty big. Let me see if I caught some things that are tangible, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is a business partner, which if you went into more depth about that there for some businesses, there would be a long list of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Administrative things that would be required, as far as your obligation. The tasks and responsibilities that you'd be taking on that you could be learning right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: She could be saying, I want you to do this, this, this, and this, that might structure your day. I didn't hear it. I heard a little bit, let me see if I cut picked up on some I've heard
Gwenevere Abriel: business partner things I can make what is she talking about
Nicole Bacon: As well, jewelry, different, different ideas things she's working on. She's gonna send me
Nicole Bacon: A couple for pieces. She's made
Nicole Bacon: I might set up a booth this Saturday.
Nicole Bacon: There's a pop up shop.
Nicole Bacon: A pop pop up shop on Saturday at
Nicole Bacon: It's called and it's it's like $20 to set up a table and
Nicole Bacon: I might do that and see how her stuff sells
Nicole Bacon: Okay, mostly. I've been a consultant. The last week.
Nicole Bacon: One of her asking me ideas of like
Nicole Bacon: What do you think
Nicole Bacon: will sell in the southwest and
Nicole Bacon: She's kind of a scatterbrained so it's, there's going to be different things that are sold in the gallery different things sold on Etsy. Different things sold on the website. If anything, sold in stores. So just kind of
Nicole Bacon: Gathering information and trying to ground. What makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so consult
Nicole Bacon: A lot of just freeform
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. You're consulting about what you know about, which is what you think would sell well in Santa Fe. Are you also offering information on what would sell on Etsy and which pieces to sort of focus on on the different platforms.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, and I made a list of, like, three stores, each in here house and Santa Fe of
Nicole Bacon: If she could approach them like stores that might like to sell her jewelry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's talk about Saturday that offers a real notice that Saturday's right around the corner. That's an actual deadline.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, set up a booth this Saturday. So it's her stuff. Is there something that you've been tasked with doing to set up that both
Nicole Bacon: Um, I have to check in with her and see she she was making. She didn't have inventory. So I don't know if it's gonna work out but I'm hoping to
Nicole Bacon: Sew some shelves that I can sell of my own stuff because she she's open to me selling making whatever and selling my stuff through her platform as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: She scattered
Nicole Bacon: Scattered
Nicole Bacon: really crazy peaches.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And that might be fun. That might be fun, where everything is just whatever comes up next. That's the new inspiration.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may end up finding that not much gets done with just that alone, it might be fun in the moment like fun to brainstorm and just be creative and like on to the next thing, and just really connecting with each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a business that's different than word business is a different
Nicole Bacon: Oh yeah, no, I already talked to her about this because I'm like, girl.
Nicole Bacon: I'm going to have to grab help you ground these like ideas because they're all over the place. I, what are you focusing on right now.
Nicole Bacon: Like, and I told her, like I had to put a boundary of yesterday because she she read my text wrong.
Nicole Bacon: And she thought I was having like a meltdown. When I was actually saying, I need to clean this mess like messy house and
Nicole Bacon: Instead, she thought I said I'm a mess or something like that. And so she was calling me over and over again. And I can't do that and I and my girl, I, I can't
Nicole Bacon: That boundary really triggers me when people call me over and over again. Or if I'm not replying with a text and you keep texting and texting texting this idea, this idea that, like, I can't do that. So we're trying to figure out how to communicate with each other in a respectful way.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: For solution.
Nicole Bacon: I thought that we could have a set time of the day that we can call and talk to each other. And if if one of us is not texting each other back just write an email, and especially if it's
Nicole Bacon: AT NIGHT LIKE LATE AT NIGHT. IF SOMETHING NEEDS TO BE YOUR express write an email. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she's amenable to that.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just curious, and we were going to come to a close here shortly, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it the
Gwenevere Abriel: SMS pressure of TEXT TEXT TEXT TEXT TEXT that's the trigger or is it
Gwenevere Abriel: The content of it. Like, I can't, I can't quite
Nicole Bacon: I'm not use I'm not used to talking to the same person every day.
Nicole Bacon: I haven't been
Nicole Bacon: So it's, it's a lot more communication than I'm used to. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: I mean, I live. I had a roommate, a while back that
Nicole Bacon: Would text me everything that came into her head, and I was kind of afraid that it was starting to go that way. But I think it's
Nicole Bacon: Like I haven't talked to her at all today because she told me she needed to get work done. So I was hoping that it was just like we're reconnecting or sharing ideas and excitement. Yeah, and that it would chill out and it has like I haven't talked to her today so
Gwenevere Abriel: You realize that was setting a boundary. That was smart. Yeah, that's also very consistent with an efficient way to spend time we put all of the brainstorming during a meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is our business meeting. This is when the set time we can hold off and and we have time to also think through, is this really something that I want to bring up we can be kind of prudent with the time
Nicole Bacon: Right. Right. Yeah, that was that was smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll be right out the okay the day or Singing I'm I'm I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Set it for another 10 minutes. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well I hopefully won't burn the food. I'll say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, don't take it out. No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I want to keep today light and fluffy. So I'm just going to kind of leave it there. All right.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'll do a little more investigation. Oh, I know what, actually let's. This is pretty important. Let's do this. What is the name of the agency that your PO referred you to an Albuquerque.
Nicole Bacon: Um, yeah.
Nicole Bacon: A new awakening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a residential level of care.
Nicole Bacon: It's an outpatient, it's exactly what this is. So,
Nicole Bacon: I don't think God
Nicole Bacon: I don't think he got that, like I'm in a program
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Online is it Tele health
Nicole Bacon: No, it's in person and and
Gwenevere Abriel: So you'd be getting the psychotherapy once a week or how whatever frequency, they
I mean,
Nicole Bacon: I think it'd be
Nicole Bacon: Over. Over.
Nicole Bacon: Over doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, if
Nicole Bacon: They can't get medication twice. You know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I understand that you said before, was that it was a higher level of care who's more intense that they might offer three or four hours a day, three days a week, something like that. But that's not what they say.
Nicole Bacon: I guess I don't really know.
Nicole Bacon: I guess I just have to go and see, honestly.
Nicole Bacon: I don't know what these different terms are really
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fair.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And the reason I'm asking is because
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to benefit from the additional services if you come to find out. Oh, looks like the self talk that you're relying on right now or the little bit of pressure from
Gwenevere Abriel: Becky, what the heck was her name.
Nicole Bacon: Barbie. Thank you.
From harpy.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it doesn't cut it. If you can't rely on little bit of pressure from new new acquaintance new potential business friend and that you are enough to do this work.
Gwenevere Abriel: What a more intense level of care can do is put external sort of pressure and say you need to do this and you're fortunate you happen to have this probation that you're on which is definitely pressure
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you do it may be that your psyche right might end up going that for you may end up sort of what you would call self sabotage in order to force you to go in to the care. Does that make sense.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll see.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we've we've been trying. We've been relying on
Gwenevere Abriel: The self talk that you innately see the value of your healing and
Gwenevere Abriel: And you pull away again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've been doing that and hasn't worked. So let's see. But I'm ready right I'm ready to concede that it's not enough. And we know the part I wanted to tell you about in person.
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of healing when when when the problem that the the harm or the damage that was done was interpersonal if someone is the cause of the harm.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something to be said about meeting with another human being face to face, where you can sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Connect more directly. So even though you say it's the same thing if you're meeting with someone face to face. You might benefit more from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not saying people haven't aren't healing from from the work they're doing with me. But I mean, come on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can only see you know your chest down. There's a lot more that can be done. There's more intimacy more connection we face to face with someone, so I don't want you to miss out on that.
Nicole Bacon: If
Gwenevere Abriel: Turns out that that's what's needed. So I'm just saying that out loud, I realized the limitations of this Tele health stuff. Okay.
Nicole Bacon: Right. Right. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go over to
Nicole Bacon: Over to
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we might need to leave. I don't know how busy it is over in virtual clinic. But what I'd like if you're a medical is sign me. You may already have it. Did you already sign a release of information to your PO
Nicole Bacon: Um, oh, oh, we were going to do that last time. And then, and then we got off and I pray about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see if this gal Angelina's available. Okay, let's do something because she's my new person she used to be. Our Gang. And now I got all i Angelina, and I just went into virtual clinic did this with someone else, Angelina, I used to do myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you send
Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you said you didn't do it right. So it's not like okay I'm being
Gwenevere Abriel: A release.
Of information or
I'll say family but
There's a reason for that. It
Is for
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we don't have to say why. So we'll just say for family because it's the way it's the release the structured, it's better that way.
Okay.
What
Is
Good. Demographics
Gwenevere Abriel: So today has it been terribly stressful for you to meet today.
Nicole Bacon: And now the labs was a little bit stressful. I got a little nauseous and had to leave pretty quickly after it didn't cut but I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that that same reason like just being around people, or was it something else.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I'm just kind of really sensitive to the bright lights in Walmart.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, there's also maybe a self consciousness isn't worsened with what's going on with your skin too.
Nicole Bacon: Oh yeah, it
Gwenevere Abriel: Is so. All right. Let's review.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me see if she can respond to me here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh 4am, where is it
Gwenevere Abriel: What country is she in
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoa, yeah. She I'm in the Philippines or something, I don't know.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This program. So while
It is
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, now I again. I did think that you were done with us here. So I booked somewhere in at 12 o'clock on Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you'll be happy that that means that one o'clock is is open.
And later.
Gwenevere Abriel: And based on what you've just been talking about. It sounds like you are the organized one in this partnership with this potential partnership.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe using a model that already exists around sort of freelance jewelry organization like how do people when there's that much loose.
Gwenevere Abriel: stuff going on. How does one focus their energy and if today is about, sort of, I need to work on shawls, I want to have a minimum of two or three, you know, setting those parameters member how you were saying, I want to have a little bit more structure so that I don't anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be a way to do it is to say this is the expectation and you tell someone you're going to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where the deadline comes in because once we commit to something. Hey, I'm going to go to a yoga class and you tell someone. I'm going to be ready at this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or right same thing with me like I'm going to meet you at this time for for therapy. Notice there's a little bit more like I've got a plan my day a little bit more around it.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, that's it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you make commitments, you call them up and you say, in order to get myself a little bit more fire.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's set some deadlines for ourselves because we need this incremental progress. I know I do. And maybe you do and
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe you and Barbie might be on the same page there, but sometimes it's literally about scheduling a date. It's about scheduling like I'm going to be somewhere. I'm going to stick with this and that social pressure that'll get you moving
Nicole Bacon: Right, yeah. Um,
Nicole Bacon: Can I like texting, be like, I'm gonna do this and you don't even have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Love it.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, because it does that does help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we had that one day where you, you did a lot
Nicole Bacon: To Yeah, as shown up in my booth and yeah
Nicole Bacon: I'm actually gonna go get my guitar out upon today so
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about the shawl. So you already have one or two. How, what are these shells NATO what what you got.
Nicole Bacon: I have all I have.
Nicole Bacon: All the materials. I just have to sit down and do it cut out a pattern. It doesn't take that long.
Gwenevere Abriel: Three hours to make one how long
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I mean not. Yeah. Not that not longer than that. I just have a hard time creating when
Nicole Bacon: I haven't put away the laundry.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, would you mind showing me a little bit of how chaotic your living environment is so I can see what your because I get the whole I need
Nicole Bacon: Your towels and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's clean
Nicole Bacon: No, that's it's 30
Nicole Bacon: As it
Gwenevere Abriel: And where do you keep your fabric for the for the shawls.
Nicole Bacon: Um, this is where I'm sewing. I need to finish the curtains to that's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty big place you got
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, it said two bedroom, I should have a roommate, but my parents don't allow me to live with screen versus okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, and I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Surface that our home can kind of represent the way our mind is, you know, it's nice some organization.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I was gonna put away stuff after we finish your call. And then he yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we do that, why don't you take a picture just at the couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: If, as soon as. So why don't you operate on the 54321 philosophy which works great. You don't overthink it. You don't not even
Gwenevere Abriel: Four seconds you start saying 54321 and you literally you hang up. You start counting down you reach over you pick it up and tell and you start folding it, you put it down, you keep going. You do the next one, even if you have to be counting the whole time.
Nicole Bacon: Mm hmm.
It can keep
Gwenevere Abriel: 12341234 and you just keep moving. Just keep, keep going, keep going. That counting it may seem silly, but you're you're you're getting your mind off of questioning. Well, this isn't going to do anything right. You're getting ahead with the next three tasks you can stay just
One.
Gwenevere Abriel: And send me a picture of your clean couch.
Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, write this down. Our next appointment is I'm putting 105 because man my the end of the day, sometimes I haven't eaten, and I've got to create even five minutes to grab a little something. So I'm saying on February 6 so scribbled out somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Angelina sent me a message. And she said, Sure. So keep
Nicole Bacon: One do 1255
Nicole Bacon: And say, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: Go into it's really important that it be precise. So when you do this release of information, make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: The first and last name of your officer is correct. Make sure the address is just right at the email just right because I'll do a full stop. If it's not exactly right. I'll be like, Man, that releases and tight enough. I'm a little uncertain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's a big deal if you say to me, can you can you tell my PO that I'm attending therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be participation letter before I send it to you, but I think to hold accountability, a little tighter because you got you got real wiggly and you had some slips.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like to communicate more directly that might help that fire under your butt a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So we'll give that a try, and she said she just sent it to you. So maybe
Nicole Bacon: Even okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Towels do the couch and then I'll keep my eye out for the release getting sent in those are two tasks that you could you could knock out right away.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, I'm looking
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a need for medication. Should I be sending a message to Dr. Aubrey oh
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, that'd be great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what's, what's the message, where you bridge to today.
Nicole Bacon: Yeah, I need. I have like 112 Milgram left so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, has one, two milligram strip and you had your dose today.
Nicole Bacon: Yes, I'm on the subway tix pills.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll remind. Thank you. You're gonna have to keep doing that because I'll forget
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm coming out. I'm getting the beeper coming
Gwenevere Abriel: Back don't usually meet this late in the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay buddy buddy buddy, tip, tip, tip, tip, tip, tip, tip. Okay. Also just referred next service is to slash six one slush. Whoops, dash, oh 5:05pm Mountain Standard she has one to a mountain ground strip left all right, my dear. I will see you on Thursday.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, towels, send me a picture.
Nicole Bacon: Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,